We still have time before
our appointment with the principal.
Do you want to take a short detour?
No. I should be early once in a while.
Stop the car.
What? Right here?
-You can go first.
-What?
Is this some kind of test?
Are you going to beat me up if I leave?
Who do you think I am?
Okay. I'll leave then.
Well then…
Who are you?
What a shame. He was nothing much.
What?
Who's…
nothing much?
Darn brat.
It's a Cursed Spirit
but it can communicate well.
On top of that. this cursed energy…
It's an unregistered
Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
It's probably stronger
than Sukuna's current strength.
Special Grade is called so
because it's special.
Even I would be in a fix
if you just came at me like that.
Is your pride hurt?
No.
I'm starting to have fun.
You're starting to have fun. huh?
You have no sense of crisis.
He purposely attacked
when no one's around.
No.
It's to prevent other sorcerers
from coming to help.
Ember Insects!
But if you're targeting me…
You're right about having
no sense of crisis.
What will happen if this hits me?
The sounds…
A two-stage attack using sound
and explosion.
That's clever of you.
It's not over yet!
Is that all?
To put it bluntly.
you're overly acclaimed by the weak.
Humans nowadays are really fake.
They live in falsehood.
the ugliness of it makes me sick!
Let your death prove
the real strength and truth.
-Didn't you…
-What?
…said that just now?
Why don't you learn?
All the ashes…
What's going on?
Well…
In short. you missed.
Impossible.
It's different from the one before.
I did touch and kill you.
What you touched was
the Infinity between you and me.
What?
Let me show you.
Give me your hand.
Come on.
There's no intention to kill.
I guess I'll test him out.
You see?
I can't touch him.
My hand stopped in between.
Is this Infinity?
You didn't really stop.
Instead. your movements got slower
as you got closer to me.
What do you think?
I can shake hands with you like this.
I refuse!
Don't be shy.
I'll be embarrassed too.
Damn you!
He's quick.
His blows are not just reinforced
with cursed energy.
Why? I don't understand.
but I've got to figure it out!
It's not over yet!
Infinity is everywhere.
It's just that I brought it
into reality with sorcery.
Convergence. Divergence.
What do you think happens
if you touch this void?
Cursed Technique Reversal…
Red.
Oh. it's just right.
I can give it to you.
But you'll die. Jogo.
I guess that wasn't a lie.
But since I can't hit him.
I'll just drag him to the domain.
Where is he?
Sorry.
What?
Where am I?
Hey! Where am I?
-What?
-Did you wait long?
That guy is…
Sukuna's vessel.
This is Yuji Itadori.
and he's here to observe.
It's Mount Fuji!
His head looks like Mount Fuji!
I'll protect you.
I won't leave you!
Sam…
What?
He learns surprisingly fast.
-Let's go.
-Yuji.
Mr. Gojo!
There's no problem talking to him either.
What's the matter?
Seems like I can increase the output
and proceed to the next stage.
We're going out. Yuji.
What?
Time for an extracurricular lesson.
I'll teach you the apex of sorcery battle.
Domain Expansion.
Why won't we sink?
I was still in school ten seconds ago.
right. Mr. Gojo?
What's happening?
Oh. we flew here.
-He doesn't intend to explain.
-He's Sukuna's vessel.
So you're alive.
We must ensure that Satoru Gojo
is unable to fight.
You have to make Ryomen Sukuna
and Yuji Itadori your ally.
For future considerations.
I can't kill Itadori.
Did he find out about our goal?
Who's that kid? Your shield?
A shield? No.
I told you he's here to observe.
I'm teaching this kid.
Well. don't mind him. Just fight with me.
It's stupid of you
to bring yourself a burden.
It should be fine.
Because…
you're weak.
Don't look down on me. brat!
I'm going to swallow
your smiling face altogether!
He said this guy…
is weak?
He's even more terrifying
than the monsters I've seen so far!
It will be fine.
Stay close to me.
Domain Expansion.
What?
What is this?
Coffin of the Iron Mountain.
This is a Domain Expansion.
-A domain built with cursed energy…
-It's hot!
-…and enforced with sorcery.
What you guys experienced
in the juvenile detention center
is an unfinished domain
without sorcery enforcement.
If it was a proper domain.
all the freshmen would have been dead.
I believe Megumi knew that.
Domain Expansions uses
a lot of cursed energy.
But it has its advantages as well.
Firstly. the status under
environmental factors is increased.
Oh. so it's like buffs in video games.
Secondly…
Ordinary Jujutsu Sorcerers
would have burned to ashes
the moment they entered my domain.
The sorcery technique
granted to them in the domain
will definitely hit.
Definitely?
Definitely!
Don't worry.
there are some countermeasures.
You can fight it with sorcery.
like what I just did.
I don't recommend the other method.
which is to escape the domain.
Normally. it's impossible.
Also…
If I neutralize your Infinity
with a more concentrated domain.
my sorcery should probably hit you. right?
Yes. it will hit.
What? Infinity?
Hand me the Prison Realm.
I'm adding it to my collection.
I came here half for fun.
I thought it wouldn't matter
if I couldn't kill him.
However. he showed me the difference
in power between the two of us.
As a Cursed Spirit and a new human.
I can't accept this!
The most effective way
to fight against the domain
is to use Domain Expansion ourselves. too.
When both parties use Domain Expansion.
the more refined sorcery
will gain the advantage.
Although it also depends on
the compatibility and cursed energy level.
Not even your ashes will be left.
Satoru Gojo!
Domain Expansion.
Unlimited Void.
What happened?
Was my domain defeated?
I can't see nor feel anything.
No.
I can see and feel everything.
All kinds of information are endless.
Therefore. I can't do anything.
This is the inside of limitless.
Perception and communication…
They force you to perform
countless actions called "survival."
It's ironic. isn't it?
You're given everything
but nothing can be done.
-You can only die slowly.
-What?
But I still have something to ask you.
So I'll stop here.
Well then…
Who sent you here?
This is the best Jujutsu Sorcerer?
Even as living creatures…
He's on a different level than me!
Oh. man.
What will you do?
Will you save him?
I can't be seen by anyone in the school.
I'll go back first.
If you want to save him. just go.
Although I don't know
if you possess such emotions.
How dare you.
You're just a mere Cursed Spirit.
Maybe it came by its own will.
What's the point of killing me?
Anyway. who's the opponent?
Hey. tell me.
Who would tell you. you darn brat?
Is it really okay for you to say that?
You bastard…
Say it or I'll exorcise you.
Although I still will after you confess.
I didn't know Cursed Spirits could talk.
It's so natural that I didn't realize it.
-Flowers.
-It's so pretty.
This is sorcery. right?
It will reduce my fighting spirit.
I'm okay! Go chase that guy!
Sorry. I lied! Help!
What?
They escaped.
It's good in concealing its aura.
This one is creepier
than that volcano head.
I'm really sorry about that…
Cursed Spirits of this caliber
are teaming up?
-This is getting exciting.
-…but you brought me here.
Yuji…
No.
I hope everyone gets strong enough
to deal with Cursed Spirits of that level.
To deal with that?
It's better to have
a specific goal in mind. right?
Man. I'm glad I brought you along!
I seriously have no idea what's going on.
Is this guy for real?
Once the goal is set.
all you need to do is to achieve it.
Let's speed up our schedule.
For the next month. you'll be watching
a movie while fighting with me.
A fight with you?
Will I still be alive one month later?
After that.
you'll participate in real battles.
I'll let you complete a few big missions.
Basics and applications.
After you've mastered it.
let's show off at the exchange program!
Question. Mr. Gojo!
Yes. Yuji?
What's this exchange program?
What?
Didn't I tell you?
He's late!
It's so peaceful.
How's Jogo. Geto?
On the brink of death.
Hanami went to save him.
so I think he should be fine.
You're really irresponsible.
You instigated it. right?
Of course not. I tried to stop him.
Speak of the devil.
Jogo. Hanami.
I'm glad you guys are safe.
How do I look safe?
Be glad that this is all you got.
You…
You should understand now.
Satoru Gojo needs to be
at the right time and place.
Seal him under the premise that we have
established corresponding advantages.
It will be executed in Shibuya
on 31st October.
I'll inform you of the details later.
Is that okay. Mahito?
THE CLOUD GIANT
No objections.
Just act cunningly.
Like a curse.
and like a human.
JUJU STROLL
-One. two. three. four.
What are you guys doing?
Brazilian gymnastics.
-Three. four.
I think we're done with the warm-ups.
You're right.
What?
What are you guys planning to do?
Geto!
Mahito!
Overhead…
These guys…
I'll kill them later!
TOKYO PREFECTURAL JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL